hello jara one heals I suppose that this voice is somewhat familiar since
its impact
or maybe better said that
I'm the one who had been cured of Naruto's body is served
feelings because of you and you are trapped with a technique where only
darkness reigns and you do not see anything while I take over the body
thanks to you
theory of feelings
as you have done with them
since I can feel the
it's called tailor with lt10 but this one left you always explained health
any nonsense when I really wanted to call you
it's more you told them sometimes that I was stupid
He told us that the inconvenience
you are a complaint that takes advantage of others in the mission to save
those that when I asked him it was broken that they did it for you since tura is
unable to do something that bothered the group really network
if so much that elías álvarez assured
why did not you do it on your own
sometimes they played their lives while you stood idly by without
do nothing you could only say to yourself that everything goes well
said that in a hug - the akatsuki mission almost destroyed in the network
morals said what he felt for the highway or just fired yet
I could not
because Gibraltar said more before you what you do not feel that before
the
he is feeling it now
if you want to vote
and how is that supposed to be in that race
Two nuns of Santa Ana
you'll have to make one of the two come back
this is how it is foreseen
but you have to give it
elections so much disgust
them if you do not want it to cost you